Bless me, Father,
for I have sinned.
I'm gonna be a dad!
It's very quick,
don't you think?
Yeah, of course it is.
Look at us. We're superhuman.
I wonder what
it's going to be,
a boy or a girl.
-I think it's a boy.
-A boy.
Oh, boy.
This is how it's meant to be.
This is for us.
This is our miracle.
Hey, Zacky.
What were you trying to do?
Scare me to death?
You lied.
What are you talking about?
On the day of the flood,
she was driving to a clinic.
No. She wasn't going there.
I'll be at the church setting up
for the council meeting
and then it's volunteer morning
at the care home
so I should be back here
round about...
Herb?
Loris.
How?
So you must be
Farida's granddaughter?
I am whatever you wish me
to be.
Slow down.
Ahhh!
You like to be in control,
do you?
Shhh.
You like to humiliate, yes
You see, silence is best.
That way you survive.
Oops-a-daisy.
Excuse me.
Are you a relative of Farida's?
I'm so sorry. Please know
the police have been contacted.
The police?
They'll find her.
I'm sure of it.
I certainly hope so.
Whole new start.
-No.
-No?
-Later.
-Huh?
I'm heading out.
Where are you going?
We need more, Max.
You rest up. I'll get 'em.
No. I think I'd like
the fresh air.
-Then we'll go together.
-I trust you.
You need to trust me.
You clean.
I provide.
Well, don't be long.
Oh, shit.
I don't know... I don't know
what's happened.
It's OK.
OK.
1970?
You're not that old.
It's not my birthdate.
Did I do something Jesus!
Tina, not everything's
about you.
It's just...
..my kid, you know,
I almost saw him burn to death
in front of me.
-What?
-Mm.
You have a kid?
If you have a kid,
what are you doing in Mullan?
I could ask you the same thing.
Your sister's dead,
your husband's a dick
and you're fucking me.
Hang on, mate, take it easy.
Stop!
Farida!
Gwen?
It's not an easy thing
to explain, is it?
It's karma.
Second chance to live the life
stolen from us.
What do you mean, stolen?
I never wanted
to come to Australia.
Ranjeet said
it was only for five years.
But we never went back.
And I never stood up
for myself.
I'm really sorry, Farida.
I will not return to that place.
I'm going home. To India.
There, family always cares
for you.
You're pregnant.
Yes.
That's why I need...
I need another one.
Please.
-They don't last.
-No.
Only...a...a few days or so.
And that's why
you're in my house.
-To steal from me.
-No.
No. I didn't... I didn't know
that you were here.
I didn't know that you
needed one too.
Then it looks like we both lose.
I burned them.
No! No, no, no, no!
Ow! No. No.
No. Why would you do that?
I didn't know.
-No!
No.
So you see,
there is nothing here for you.
Get out of my house.
Gwen!
Farida's plant's dead.
She burned it.
You OK?
I don't want you to hate me,
Ray.
I could never hate you.
You didn't want this.
Can I...?
It shouldn't be happening
so fast.
It's fine.
It's a miracle
and I feel fine.
Gwen!
-Let me take you to hospital.
-It's just morning sickness.
We'll do a scan. We don't
have to tell them everything.
I don't think
that's a good idea.
Gwen.
This thing could be killing you.
It's not a 'thing', Ray.
Max understands.
And these trousers.
You made such a fuss
about them being too showy
for the military ball.
What a beautiful night that was.
Ohh! We should
have gone dancing more.
We were very good, you know.
Everyone said so.
-Oh, stop this.
-Come on. Up.
That's it.
Oh, my Lorrie.
I missed this.
What is it?
Sorry, I have to...
-I have to go.
-What?
He's one lucky kid.
No broken bones.
His CT scan was clear.
Hey, Isaac,
I...I've just got a couple
of questions, if that's OK.
Would that be alright?
How did you get that car?
Did your friend
give you the keys?
Mate, I know you know
who I'm talking about, OK,
'cause I saw him drag you out.
He saved you.
But you need to know that
he is not who he says he is, OK?
His real name's Tommy Brydon.
Do you understand me?
Tommy is Sam. Sam is Tommy.
-Tell me where he is!
-Griffo, that's enough.
Come on.
-I've been suspended over this.
-I don't care.
Viv, I know, I know, I know.
But you need to know
that this guy that
he's hanging around with,
he's a 68-year-old man
who killed a guy in Melbourne.
That's ridiculous!
You showed us a photo of Sam.
I did, but that's not him, OK?
That's...
I mean, it is him but it's...
You're just gonna have to
believe me when I say this, OK?
Sam, the young guy
that I showed you,
he's an old man.
And he is cunning
and he is playing your son.
I'll look after my boy,
but you, Griffo,
you need to take a break.
OK.
Oh, you found them!
Oh...Gwen.
I need them.
Loris, I...
I really need them.
And you're...
-They did that to you?
-Yeah.
It's... It's a miracle!
No. It's evil.
You don't understand.
-Get out of my way.
-Gwen, no! No!
Oh, Gwen, stop it, please!
Whooo!
Oi!
Hey, you!
Hey!
You have something of mine.
No, mate, you've got
the wrong guy.
What, you don't remember
stealing it?
My jacket.
You had one too, did ya?
Where did you get it
I don't know where your bloody
jacket is. Where did you get it?
-I need it back.
-Where's the plant?
No, that's not how
this game works.
This is not a game.
Ohh! I've missed this too!
This is not a good day
to fuck with me.
What the hell...
Huh?
-Are you going on a holiday?
-No.
-I'm leaving. For good.
-What are you talking about?
Well, there's no trust
and when that's gone
there's nothing.
OK. OK. Are you talking about
Kristy Morgan?
Because if you are, that was
a one-night stand five years ago
and it was a mistake -
I've regretted it ever since.
And my sister
Your sister
Don't act dumb, Griffo.
It suits you too much.
What are you talking...?
Are you serious?
Is that what you've been
stewing on?
God, Tina,
why didn't you just ask me?
I was working, the morning
of the flood, with Rhonda.
I was nowhere near Karen,
or the bloody caravan.
No, that is bullshit! I saw the
way she used to flirt with you.
She didn't...
Oh, my g...
OK, OK, look.
Please.
I know I haven't been
a good husband, right?
I haven't given you the love
or attention you deserve.
I swear I...
Oh, fuck.
But I-I never, ever had sex,
not even remotely wanted
to have sex with your sister.
But she was so beautiful.
Not to me. You were the one that
always lit up my room - you.
Please don't go.
Please.
We just need to talk to
each other,
we just need to be honest
with each other.
Then...there's something
you should know...
..in the spirit of being honest.
I've been unfaithful too.
What?
It didn't mean anything
and it's over.
-Griffo.
-Oh, God.
-I can't believe it.
Griff.
I can't believe
this is happening.
Look, I...
What took you so long?
They weren't where I thought
they were. We're alright.
-I was so worried.
-There's no need to be.
Here.
Max. Max!
Look. Look!
It's the little one,
can't wait to join us.
Maybe... Maybe we should
go to a doctor.
What?
I'm just... I'm just
thinking of the baby.
Ray thinks that we should go.
You went to see Ray?
No.
-But maybe...
-You don't listen to Ray.
Ray doesn't want this for us.
Hey.
Relax, alright?
I'm gonna cook us some dinner.
And then maybe tomorrow
we could go to the doctor?
No. No!
No!
I'm all you need.
Hey.
I want to report an incident.
Did your mum lock you
out of the house again?
No. I was attacked by a woman,
sexually.
-A woman.
-Yeah.
This young Indian girl.
I've got the scars to prove it.
I don't have the time for this,
Shane.
-Do you know Farida Korrapati?
-Mm.
Well, this girl claimed
to be her granddaughter.
I've never seen her before
in my entire life
but she was convinced
that we knew each other.
At first I thought that Farida
must have told her about me
but why would she?
Unless there's some... they have
some kind of connection.
I'll look into it.
-Really?
-Yeah.
I need to speak to somebody
about my grandmother.
-She was reported missing.
-And your name is?
Alicia. Farida's granddaughter.
And you can call off your
investigation. She's fine.
Oh, you have information
about Farida's whereabouts?
She's gone to live with friends
in Sydney.
It was very sudden so she didn't
have time to let anyone know
but she's healthy and happy.
Oh, well, that's good news.
I'll still need you to make
an official statement.
Just have a seat, Alicia.
Hey, hold up. Where do you think
you're going?
Ah, the property cabinet.
No, mate, you're suspended,
remember?
My camcorder's in there.
It's my personal property.
You wouldn't happen
to know anything
about an attack on
Shane Rawlins, would you?
Just hurry up,
before I change my mind.
Now don't come back
until I tell you.
I'll be coming back
on my own terms, thanks, Sarge.
Want to know why?
I've found the shapeshifter
and I'm gonna prove to everyone
that Sam and Tommy Brydon
are exactly the same person,
despite there being 50 years
between the two of them.
Mate, before I was worried
about your job,
but now I am genuinely concerned
about you.
As a friend, I think you need
serious help.
Farida.
OK.
Not my best angle and not great
lighting either, but here goes.
I, um, I'm a coward, Ray,
because I should be saying this
to you in person
but every time I try to
all I can see is your eyes
willing me, imploring me,
not to give up, to fight.
But soon I won't be able to
feed myself, to talk...
..or to recognise
your beautiful face.
And you'll still be there.
Oh, Ray, my darling Ray,
I know you don't want to
hear this but...
..when I get to the point where
I no longer know who I am...
What were you doing?
There they are.
My two favourite people.
You remember these?
Sorry flowers?
I shouldn't have spoken to you
like that.
Forgive me?
They're beautiful.
Thank you.
-Where have you been?
-Walking.
You stay in there!
Hi, Loris.
Don't know how this ended up
in Isaac's things
but obviously it's Herb's.
Oh, yeah.
-You OK?
-Oh, never better.
Um, thanks for the jacket.
Herb will be
very appreciative.
Well, thanks again. Bye.
You found it.
You found it!
How did it end up with Isaac?
I'm going to return it.
What are you talking about?
It's yours.
It's Frank's.
Frank Warlie and I
swapped jackets in Vietnam.
He'll be thrilled
to get this back.
Oh, don't be ridiculous.
I need to see him, Loris.
What has this done to you?
The
national anthem of Peru.
-You alright, mate?
Oh, my God.
Hi, you've called Ray and Gwen.
We can't take your call right
now so please leave a message.
Ray, it's Gwen.
Something...
Something's not right.
I don't feel safe here.
I think I need your help.
Please?
Gwen
Hey. Where are you going?
I... It's just...
..cramps.
I was...just going to get
something for them.
Gwennie, I'll get whatever you
need, you know that. Just ask.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Shh. Don't worry.
-Ohhh.
-I'll keep you safe.
Shh. You're OK.
I've got a plan.
Gwen?
Welcome back, dickhead.
Now, tell me, mate...
..how the fuck did you do this?
OK.
Well, we've got all the time
in the world, mate.
You're not going anywhere
and neither am I, so...
She finally give you the boot,
did she?
Oh, yeah.
Now the penny's dropping, huh?
Oh, she's a wild one, that one.
Holy shit!
Christ is the light
of the world.
He is my saviour, my light,
my hope, my salvation.
Christ is the light
of the world.
He is my saviour, my light,
my hope, my salvation.
It's a travesty, isn't it?
What's that, mate?
The only cop that knows anything
about this
is the dumbest piece of shit
ever to put on a uniform.
Yeah, except I just filmed
this whole freak show, didn't I?
This is my lottery ticket, mate.